IT314_Lab1_202101473

a) A simple data processing project. Ans) Waterfall Reason) Simple project with no future updates/requirements.

b) A data entry system for office staff who have never used computers. The user interface and user-friendliness are extremely important. Ans) Prototyping Reason) More focus is on UI, hence more efficient prototypes need to be proposed.

c) A spreadsheet system that has some basic features and many other desirable features that use these basic features. Ans) Prototyping Reason) Basic Prototypes can be made with some basic features and further features can be implemented in future prototypes.

d) A web-based system for a new business where requirements are changing fast and where an in-house development team is available for all aspects of the Project. Ans) Iterative Reason) It needs time-to-time updates along with more requirements in the future. It includes risk, covering all the constraints to make up for the market.

e) A Website for an online store that has a long list of desired features it wants to add, and it wants a new release with new features to be done very Frequently. Ans) Iterative Reason) It needs time-to-time updates along with more requirements in the future. It includes risk, covering all the constraints to make up for the market.

f) A system to control anti-lock braking in a car. Ans) Spiral Reason) It includes a lot of risks and hence should be tested along with implementing code in a spiral manner.

g) A virtual reality system to support software maintenance Ans) Prototyping Reason) Basic prototyping of VR systems can be made and further finalization of the product can be done which can be maintained in the future.

h) A university accounting system that replaces an existing system Ans) Waterfall Reason) It’s an existing system with fixed basic requirements.

i) An interactive system that allows railway passengers to find train times from terminals installed in stations. Ans) Waterfall Reason) It has fixed basic requirements so the waterfall model can be implemented.

j) Company has asked you to develop software for a missile guidance system that can identify a target accurately. Ans) Spiral Reason) It includes a lot of risks and hence should be tested along with implementing code in a spiral manner.

k) When emergency changes have to be made to systems, the system software may have to be modified before changes to the requirements have been approved. Choose a process model for making these modifications that ensures that the requirements documents and the system implementation do not become inconsistent. Ans) Iterative Reason) It needs time-to-time updates along with more requirements in the future. It includes risk, covering all the constraints to make up for the market.

l) Software for the ECG machine. Ans) Spiral Reason) It includes a lot of risks and hence should be tested along with implementing code in a spiral manner.

m) A small scale well-understood project (no changes in requirement will be there once decided). Ans) Waterfall Reason) It has fixed basic requirements so the waterfall model can be implemented.